# Phase Four: Design and Development of a Built Environment Project Proposal

Durning the previous (subject matter expertise development) phase, students gained familiarity with the stakeholders, design & modelling tools & technology, and collaborative execution agreements that can deliver a built environment project.  In the process of developing expertise students working alongside mentors have also generated documentation and other content to support validation of the project concept.  In this phase students continue work alongside mentors to validate, refine, and integrate this content into a business case and draft execution agreement to actually deliver the most viable built environment solution alternative that meets the expressed requirement.

See [Contribute.md](https://github.com/BEICBIM/BEICPBLChallenge/blob/master/Contribute.md) for information about contributing to this project repository.

Content in the BEIC Project Based Learning Challenge repository is licensed as described in [License.md](https://github.com/BEICBIM/BEICPBLChallenge/blob/master/License.md).

**Disclaimer:** This curriculum is for educational purposes only and is solely intended to be used as project based learning experience.  This project based learning experience may or may not lead to an actual built envrionment project or related venture.   Any and all projects or project ventures that may result from this project based learning experience should follow all applicable laws, codes, and regulations and are the sole responsibility of those signers party to their respective integrated project venture agreement.  The Built Environment Innovation Cooperative is not party to, nor assumes responsibility for any integrated project venture agreement that may or may not result from following this curriculum or any portion thereof.
